Let me tell you about my sister in law. She’s a photographer (@yesenia.bailey.photography) and makeup artist (@rockstar_glam) She’s a mother, a wife and a friend to everyone. She’s a supporter, an encourager and she’s ambitious. 

She’s a Uvalde native and when tragedy struck, she went to work. Within hours she started a Go Fund Me to benefit the families affected and raised over $20K. Then she started collecting the links to other verified go fund me accounts and made a master list to make it easier for others to find. 

She didn’t stop there. 

She started collecting Meal Train links and made a master list of those too. When she noticed she couldn’t find meal trains for a few families, she created one for them. 

She didn’t stop there. 

She made sure to post about everything benefiting the families and community. Food drives. Toy drives. Lemonade stands. Everything. She didn’t just post, she was there whenever she could be. 

She didn’t stop there. 

She reached out to families who lost loved ones to see what she could do to help them personally. 

She didn’t stop there. 

She knows she has a wide reach on social media, wider than their small town. She volunteered to deliver meals if people wanted to donate but lived too far away to do it in person. 

And she won’t stop there. 

She, and people like her, are the heart of Uvalde. The heart of America. She doesn’t and hasn’t done any of this for recognition or praise. In fact she may not even like that I’m highlighting all she has done but she does deserves to be recognized. She does deserve to be thanked. Uvalde has been forever changed but because of people like her, they will march on. They will find a way to move forward. They won’t let this destroy them. 

The Go Fund Me that she started will remain open through this Wednesday (June 1, 2022) and then she will donate it all to the fund set up for the families at First State Bank Uvalde. If you haven’t donated yet but want to do so I’ve put the link in my bio. 

Oh and did I mention she’s done all this while pregnant with her rainbow baby? Let her inspire you to be the good in the world. 

She will keep being their voice. Follow her accounts to stay updated
